Now that we learned about the important basics that you need to build a good looking user interfaces
and in general, mobile apps with Flutter,
now that we had this or now that we had a look at all these basics,
it's of course important that you also learn how you can make these apps and these layouts you build
responsive and adaptive
and with that, I mean that you have user interfaces or app designs that work on smaller devices, bigger
devices and different operating systems. In detail, in this module, we'll therefore have a look at what
exactly responsive and adaptive means and what it means in the context of Flutter, of developing Flutter
apps.
We'll have a look at the core tools you get by Flutter to create responsive layouts and of course, we'll
not just have a look at these tools, we'll actively use them to turn our existing app here which we built
in the last course section, to turn that into a responsive app that actually looks a bit different and
feels a bit different on different device sizes
and we'll also have a look at how we can build platform specific layouts and looks.
So with that, I don't mean that we handle different device sizes but different device types.
Most importantly, that you can build different UIs for Android and iOS because even though the
general app functionality will typically be the same, you might want a different look on the different
devices and that's therefore what we'll also have a look at
in this module.